README.md, before:

# Location Alarm

- An app that sounds an alarm when you enter a geofence.
- Also an excuse to learn multiplatform app development with KMM.
- Also an excuse to play with fun things like ios widgets, voice commands, watch apps, ya know,
  cool shit you wouldn't usually play with.

# Priority 1

- Disable enable alarm button if no current location or geofence
  - On tap show alert explaining why disabled
- M Tutorial
- S Draw path of route while alarm enabled
- L Unit Tests & refactoring
- L UI Tests?
- S Code quality
- M CI / CD
- S Bug & crash reporting
- Debugging tools
  - S Activate by volume button sequence
  - M Show app logs
  - M Show location updates (Graph data)
  - M Capture GPX file for alarm enabled session - to aid GPS issue debugging

## Priority 2

- Apple watch app / Android watch app
- Alarm config (sound, vibration pattern)
- Recent geofences
  - Save most recent geofence location and radius
- Favourite geofences
  - Allow user to save the geofence to a quick select button
- Sign in and sync (sync favorite geofences as a most basic sync operation)
  - Yes totally not that useful, but a useful learning excersize

### Priority 3

- Polygonal geofence areas
- Allow multiple geofences to be active
- Other actions when in geofence
- Inverse location alarm (anchor watch)
- Voice commands "Hey google, wake me when i get to woolwhich
- Weekly notifications - caught up on x hours extra sleep this week

Commit message:

[IOS|Android] Disable 'enable alarm' button if location isn't known or geofence not set

README.md, after:

# Location Alarm

- An app that sounds an alarm when you enter a geofence.
- Also an excuse to learn multiplatform app development with KMM.
- Also an excuse to play with fun things like ios widgets, voice commands, watch apps, ya know,
  cool shit you wouldn't usually play with.

# Priority 1

- Fix alarm sound on ios
  - When on silent mode
  - When in background
- M Tutorial
- S Draw path of route while alarm enabled
- L Unit Tests & refactoring
- L UI Tests?
- S Code quality
- M CI / CD
- S Bug & crash reporting
- Debugging tools
  - S Activate by volume button sequence
  - M Show app logs
  - M Show location updates (Graph data)
  - M Capture GPX file for alarm enabled session - to aid GPS issue debugging

## Priority 2

- Apple watch app / Android watch app
- Alarm config (sound, vibration pattern)
- Recent geofences
  - Save most recent geofence location and radius
- Favourite geofences
  - Allow user to save the geofence to a quick select button
- Sign in and sync (sync favorite geofences as a most basic sync operation)
  - Yes totally not that useful, but a useful learning excersize

### Priority 3

- Polygonal geofence areas
- Allow multiple geofences to be active
- Other actions when in geofence
- Inverse location alarm (anchor watch)
- Voice commands "Hey google, wake me when i get to woolwhich
- Weekly notifications - caught up on x hours extra sleep this week
